[scribbling]
[hip-hop music playing]
[announcer] And Marcus goes to the line.
LA is up big here in the fourth.
[whistle blows]
[announcer] Marcus Winfield going
to the line to shoot two free throws.
-Congrats.
-For what?
Um. the team you built is up 20 points
and is about to clinch
home-court advantage in the playoffs.
[basket swooshes. bell dings]
[announcer] Winfield going to the line
for one free throw.
-[cement thuds]
-[crowd gasps]
That's not good.
[Isla exhales deeply]
[crowd clamoring]
-You know what?
-[softly] What the…?
Home court is overrated.
Maybe we'll just play away games.
[hip-hop music playing]
♪ It's live ♪
♪ I got a plan
Get with me in the ride and ♪
-♪ Inside ♪
-♪ I'll make it so my… is never dying ♪
I don't know why my life was spared.
but I know
everything happens for a reason.
And now. I have a new way to motivate.
Motivate Sports Goo.
All the vitamins and nutrients you need
in one convenient glob of goo.
Now that's a seamless collab.
Look. I'm glad Marcus is alive.
but I wanna talk
about the person everyone wants dead.
-[gasps]
-Isla Gordon.
Who's leaking these pictures of me?
Ali. you have got to release a statement
that these are AI.
[Sean] How'd it come to this?
When we return.
the boys and I are gonna debate.
Is Isla Gordon bad with money.
incompetent.
or I'm hearing
might be a drinking problem.
Okay.
You know. we could've had a new arena
five years ago.
but Cam blew off the meeting.
and now I have to fix it?
Look. it's just an estimate.
Don't be mad at me.
[tense music playing]
What? It's just a little square.
Apparently. all the squares are connected.
I don't know how roofs work.
It's a lot. but we'll figure it out.
Also. the court was damaged too.
Come on.
That angry vein is on your forehead.
so I won't tell you about the electric.
It was only a matter of time
until something like this happened.
Our HVAC is 20 years old.
and our Jumbotron is made by Samsay.
We're one of the premier sports franchises
in the country. This is very embarrassing.
I know. but the fact of the matter is.
we don't have the money
to deal with this right now. We are poor.
I don't think you guys know
what poor means.
No. it's a different kind of poor. Jackie.
We're cash poor.
Every other owner in the league got rich
in tech or oil or predatory loans.
Owning sports teams is
just a fun side hobby.
but for us. this is all we got.
I had no idea. I'm gonna sponsor
the Coffee Bean run tomorrow.
-No. Jackie. it's not…
-Ice-blended horchata. cinnamon sprinks.
It's been a very expensive year
with the new Dyson deal
and trading for Tommy.
and then had to shell out half a mil
to that one fan who keeps hitting
the half-court jackpot shot.
Yeah. Jimmy Saldano?
I played with him in college.
That guy's lights out.
Stop fucking inviting him to games.
The discretionary fund won't cover
the repairs.
and our bank says we are over-leveraged
and that we can't get another loan.
And the league's saying we have to play
all away games until everything's fixed.
We have to play home games
during the playoffs.
Where will we get the money
for this repair?
What about Al Fleischman?
Guy owes me. I got him new seats.
-Yeah. why'd you do that?
-Because of a situation exactly like this.
It's always good
to have a rich guy that owes you.
-I agree. Great idea. Cam.
-[Cam] Thanks.
I mean. is it a great idea?
I don't wanna be in debt to Al Fleischman.
-So do you have a better plan?
-I will. Soon.
Because I'm great at landing sponsorships.
so meeting adjourned.
[pop music playing]
So who are you gonna call?
I don't know.
We are not going
to The Toilet King of Orange County.
[softly] He's so gross.
Look. Al. this is the best way
to show the board that you got the funds.
We get this done.
you're a major player around here.
Yeah. look. maybe we let you take a layup
like Drake did.
-[chuckles]
-[knocking on door]
Oh shit. Uh. I gotta go.
[inhales]
Come in. Come in.
[door thuds]
[blows. coughs]
Hey. new office looking good.
Yeah. they just repurposed
an old janitor's closet.
And that fucking thing.
I gotta roll that out every night.
and they keep rolling it back in here.
Do you want me to talk to Esteban?
No. no. no. no.
That's not why I brought you in here.
Yeah. yeah. have a seat. man.
Listen. Jackie. I'm realizing that
I've been back a while now.
and you and I have never really had
a chance to connect.
It kinda bums me out.
-It does?
-Yeah. of course it does.
And look. it's not lost on me.
You're the only one that got Dad's name.
It means he really saw
something special in you.
Ah. he left way before I was born.
-But also. he still gave you his name.
-My mom named me that.
I'm just trying to make a point. you know.
that we don't hang out much.
We should get to know each other.
How's your girlfriend? Sammy?
Oh. Sofia. she's good. She's doing
an internship in Washington. D.C.
She just sent me a picture
of her and Wolf Blitzer.
That's okay. I don't need to see that.
So what are you doing on Saturday?
I'm going to my local AMC.
It's supposed to be hot out…
-Oh.
-…and they have the best air conditioning.
Better than Target.
which I also have to go to
to get cat litter.
Mom's cat has webbed toes. and it helps...
Okay. stop. stop. stop. stop.
because that… that sounds terrible.
Why don't you come to my house?
Me. you. Lizzy. the kids.
we grill up some steaks?
I love grilling. I… I make turkey burgers
in my George Foreman all the time.
-What?
-Oh. do… do you want me to bring it?
No. you don't need to bring it.
Just… just come on by.
-I can't wait to get to know you.
-Me too.
-All right. I do too.
-I think it'll be good for us to bond.
-Right.
-Yeah.
Well…
Listen. that phone's gonna ring
any second.
and I'm gonna have to answer it.
so that means you're gonna
have to get out of here. [laughs]
Do you think something's up with Cam?
Like. if Cam gave Al courtside seats.
he's getting something in return.
-Like what?
-I don't know.
But Cam doesn't do anything
just to be nice.
Never?
Remember when he got Joe Francis to delete
that video of you on Bourbon Street?
Wait. what was it called?
It was called Spring Break Sluts.
and for the whole summer.
I had to be his designated driver.
Uh. I remember having to drive
both your drunk asses around.
See. he used you too.
Are you sure you're not mad at Cam because
he's the reason the arena's falling apart?
No. I can be mad at my brother
for multiple things.
I just… I need time to figure out
how to pay for these repairs.
Jackie!
-Can you clear my schedule?
-You mean your wink-wink?
-Hmm?
-Botox and filler.
Oh no. God. no.
Nurse Jamie is impossible to schedule.
Keep that.
[pop music playing]
[Jamie] Ooh. bad news. Isla.
I can only give you a half dose
'cause there's a shortage on Dermesse.
-No. no. no. I need Dermesse.
-I know.
-It's the best.
-[Isla] Mm-hmm.
-Oh. you know whose dad makes it?
-Mm.
Nicole Vark.
Nicole Vark is Vark Pharmaceuticals?
The girl from freshman year
who got so drunk
she fell off the Sigma Chi roof?
Yeah. She runs the company
with her dad now.
Wait. Ali. I've got a great idea.
Don't get too excited
until your face settles.
We can partner with Nicole
to pay for the repairs. She owes me.
I'm the one who called 911
when she fell off that roof.
Yeah. and because of you.
they found those drugs
in her system. and she got expelled.
-She probably hates your ass.
-I don't have very many options. do I?
It's been 20 years. Maybe she's over it.
[Ali] Right. because rich girls
don't hold grudges.
[laughs] Nurse Jamie. you ready for me?
You get Botox too?
Yeah. I get it in my pits.
Ugh.
[upbeat music playing]
[exhales deeply]
[Sandy exhales]
Uh. that was good stuff. bro.
Yeah. totally. bro. There.
[Sandy] Mm.
-[Sandy smacks lips. exhales]
-Hey. is there a P.F. Chang's near here?
I did a commercial for them
and get free beef and broccoli for life.
You got paid in beef and broccoli?
[laughing] Yeah.
-Good. yeah.
-Do you wanna go or what?
As much as I love dynamite shrimp.
I don't know
if we should be seen together.
Because I'm. like. super famous.
and you're a nobody?
-Dude. you shouldn't feel bad about that.
-No. I don't. Um…
I mean. I wasn't.
Now I do. Uh. but it's less that.
It's more. you know. we work together.
and I'm also kinda your boss
in a weird way.
You're not my boss. but what about an NDA?
Yes. that's a great idea.
I've never actually used an NDA.
That'd really help me
keep a lot of secrets.
Wonder if
my whole jazz tap class would sign one.
That would be nice.
-I can't do that.
-There. AirDropped.
That's the last one I used.
so just erase the name on there…
-Oh. great.
-…and put yours.
Really?
You know he's my favorite Avenger. right?
[pop music playing]
[knocking on door]
Hello.
[woman] Isla Gordon.
Wow.
You look exactly the same.
Thanks to you. Nicole.
Hmm.
It's been too long.
You know. it's funny you're here. Isla.
because not a day goes by
where I haven't thought
about how badly I want to
thank you.
-You do?
-Yes.
It's because of you I was forced
to go to rehab and turn my life around.
-Plus. it's where I met my husband.
-Well. that's just incredible.
And makes what I'm about to ask
a lot less awkward. [laughs]
Sit down.
You see. under my leadership.
the LA Waves have a rich history
of trailblazing female sponsors.
I'm gonna stop you right there. Isla.
No need to pitch.
I read the brief.
and I would like to sponsor your repairs.
Really? Oh. that's amazing.
I promise the Dermesse logo on the court
brings so much brand awareness.
We actually need help
launching our latest product.
It combats an affliction
that affects my husband.
Oh no. Does he have a disease?
In many ways. worse.
He suffers from GERD.
[gasps]
Oh no.
God. I'm sorry. [inhales]
What's GERD?
It's heartburn.
Oh.
Gary's a simple white man
who lives in a city
full of vibrant ethnic cuisines.
-none of which he can enjoy.
-Oh.
Sometimes even buttered noodles
keep him up at night.
Poor Gary.
So we have come up with a once-a-year
injectable antacid called Burpocin.
and we've locked up Kevin from The Office
to be our celebrity endorser.
I love him.
I am so excited to partner with you.
[upbeat music playing]
Another perfectly zeroed-out
expense sheet.
Aruna. I gotta ask.
how do you get it all on one page?
Margins.
Yes. margins.
Okay. there is one more thing to go over.
This $2 million check from Cam
that was deposited.
how do you want that filed?
Yes. No. this is a reimbursement
for that outgoing payment
that you told me about a few months ago.
So. yeah. we're all whole now.
It's problem solved.
No. not exactly.
That was marked as a charitable donation.
You can't just reimburse it.
If we get audited.
that is a major red flag.
-Oh my God. Um…
-I know. I'm very worried about it.
Uh…
Yes. me too. And unfortunately.
I do have another meeting. Aruna.
But this. you are our best accountant.
so I am sure
that you will find a way to cover it up.
No. uh. to sort it out.
-[clears throat]
-So. um. thank you. queen.
Okay. be safe. mama.
[softly] What are you doing?
I wanted to see you.
Why?
[spits] I don't know. I'm horny.
-I thought we were gonna be discreet.
-I know. Discreetion's so hot.
Oh my gosh. what…
-This is my office.
-Yeah.
Somebody is gonna see us.
No one's here.
[Tommy] Oh.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
You want me to stop?
[belt thuds on floor]
I should say "Yes."
but no. this is incredibly hot.
Yeah.
Oh.
Nice boner.
Thank you.
[romantic music playing]
-[Jackie] Today's been amazing.
-Oh. hasn't it. though?
You know. my dream is
to one day own something like this.
Yeah? You work your ass off.
you can have a house like this.
Oh. I meant your pizza oven.
I bet you could do s'mores in there. huh?
Oh. yeah. girls already did that.
They totally fucked it up.
Final test.
Take 'em off when you think it's ready.
I don't know. What do you think?
Let's not forget what Dad always said.
[both] "A real man never asks questions."
That's right.
The meat is ready when you feel it
in here.
And the internal temperature is
136 degrees.
-I'm gonna take it off.
-[tongs click]
Mmm.
Mmm. Oh. oh. oh.
That's good.
-[Cam] Yeah. No. no. no. I'm not hungry.
-Wanna try some?
[Cam chuckles]
Just two bros hanging out. right?
I always said college was a waste of time.
but look at the connections it made me.
[chuckles] Those two and a half semesters
set you up for success in life.
I can't believe
you actually pulled it off.
Hey. let me ask you something.
Are all these hard hats child size?
What can I say? I think
thinking out of the box is my thing.
I did it with Dyson. Sephora.
and now Burpesol.
-Burpocin.
-Yes. right. Burpocin.
-Wow.
-Oh. it looks good.
-Oh. that looks great.
-Yeah.
Whoa. How come there's so many words
on the court?
-What?
-What do you…?
[gasps]
Dear God.
[tense music playing]
[Ali] Is that Kevin from The Office?
[Isla] Goddammit!
So. turns out any promotion for Burpocin
is required by law
to list all of the side effects.
This is a disaster. Isla.
-You really Isla'd this up.
-That doesn't work.
Sandy. where were you on this?
You love going through the fine print.
I'm stretched a little thin now.
-He's been taking a real pounding lately.
-The playoffs are in less than two weeks.
We can't have the words "loose stool"
on the free throw line.
This is fixable.
What if we spread the words further apart?
Like "loose" on its own is harmless.
So is "stool."
Yeah. it'll also help
with "anal" and "leakage."
We have to give the pharma money back.
If we are looking for another option.
I did approach Al Fleischman
about our financial situation.
What?
I told you not to.
I had a feeling that we might need him.
He said he'd be happy
to give us the money. interest free.
What does he want in return?
A giant toilet on the court?
Al doesn't want promotion.
All he wants is to show up
at the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
He wants to hold the big novelty scissors.
you know.
Boom. done.
-That's doable.
-That's amazing.
What happens
to those big scissors afterward?
Are they up for grabs or--
There is one thing
that I think would be really--
Oh! I knew it.
I asked you not to bring in Al.
You do it anyway.
and now you want something out of it?
Isla. relax.
Oh. no. We wouldn't be in this mess
if it wasn't for him.
We could've had a new arena years ago.
but he never showed up to close the deal.
I'm not gonna speculate as to why.
[sucking]
-[all] Oh!
-How dare you!
I have not "smoked crack" in a long time.
And now he puts out the fire he started.
and he wants to collect.
Well. I am not driving you around
all summer. Cam.
Fine.
You're right.
I'm sorry I haven't been perfect.
and I should've reached out to you.
and I should've told you
that I was talking to Al.
What I was gonna say is
that I thought it would be nice
to name the court after Dad.
-Oh!
-It was a stupid idea.
-[Stephen] That's a beautiful gesture.
-[Ness] No. it's not a stupid idea at all.
-It's amazing.
-It's beautiful.
-I'm out.
-[Ness] Oh my God. Sandy.
Isla. come on.
-No.
-[Ness] No. it's a moment.
-I'm out.
-[Ness] Oh my God. Stephen.
Hey. I got your text. What do you mean
your agent's mad about your contract?
I made that up. Come here.
Oh. sh--
[kisses]
You're supposed to be practicing now.
-Somebody could walk in any minute.
-Don't worry.
They're in the film room.
Coach is showing them Rudy.
And don't act like you're not into it.
You're bursting out of your Bonobos.
[Sandy moans]
All right. fine.
-Just make it quick.
-Yeah.
[Sandy] What was that? What was that?
Oh crap. The last scene isn't as long
as I thought.
It was the last scene? Are you…?
-Get in. Get in there.
-Get in what?
[Sandy] Oh!
[yelps. grunts]
What's up. dude?
Did Rudy win?
Who knows? Coach was crying so hard.
we had to turn it off.
-I need a shower. I stink.
-[Marcus] Yeah. you do.
Hey. I think my athlete's foot is back.
Does that look like fungus to you?
[knocking on glass door]
Got your outfit
for the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Also. Cam told me
you're naming the court after Dad.
That's awesome.
Cam told you? Since when do you guys talk?
Oh. we've been hanging out.
He was teaching me how to cook a steak.
-Do you want me to teach you?
-No. Jackie. I know how to cook a steak.
It's just weird though. right?
Like Cam. all of a sudden.
wanting to hang out with you.
Is it a sobriety thing?
Or. like. is he just trying
to piss me off?
Or maybe he just wants
to get to know his brother.
[melancholy music playing]
Your Spanx and orthotics are in the bag.
[door opens]
Hey. can we talk for a second?
Whoa! Way too much perfume. Sandy.
It's cologne. okay?
I'm covering up a lot of different smells.
Look. you're the only one
who knows about this. so I need your help.
I gotta end things with Tommy.
-What? Why?
-He's crazy.
He wants to hook up all the time.
It's too much.
We're just… We're built different.
Yes. he's built tall and beautiful.
You're built like.
and I can say this because I am one.
a petite Asian woman.
Ha. ha. Yes. I have very small feet.
but I also have my limits.
I love you. You gotta
take one for the team. Suck it up.
I have been… at home. at work.
in the bathroom of a Jamba Juice.
No. I am talking about the actual team.
We've won five in a row
since you guys started hooking up.
We can't have you messing
with Tommy's performance.
Breaking up with Tommy
isn't gonna affect him at all.
He's a hot athlete.
He's probably got
five different guys on the side.
Do not fuck
with the winning streak. Sandy.
The playoffs are right around the corner.
So hydrate. stretch.
and get back in the game.
[exhales. grunts]
[funky music playing]
[Al] Is this on?
I may be a toilet man. but I am
first and foremost an LA Waves fan.
and none of this would even be possible
if it weren't for this man right here.
-My boy. Cam. [laughs]
-Oh. stop it. Come on.
Uh. listen. that's very kind of you.
uh. but the only reason we're here
is because of my dad.
This is really a celebration of him
and the things that he loved most.
which was his team and. of course.
his family.
I think he'd be very proud
to see us all working together.
Guys. let's. uh.
maybe we get a family photo.
-[Al] Oh. beautiful.
-[Cam] Isla. come on. get up here.
All right.
I'm gonna step out for this one.
[Al] Thank you. guys.
[sentimental music playing]
Ladies and gentlemen.
it is without further ado.
I present Jack Gordon Court.
-[scissors snip]
-[all cheering. clapping]
-[Tommy screams]
-Oh Jesus.
-[Tommy laughs]
-Tommy. you scared me.
God.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-[exhales]
Yeah. uh. my business manager wants
to show me a house I can rent.
but I could just
keep staying with you. right?
Oh. I don't. um…
[smacks lips] I don't know. [stutters]
What if this house has a… has a pool
with. like. a water slide?
My pool doesn't even have a deep end. so…
-Water slides are sick.
-Yeah.
But I sleep so good at your house.
That's why I'm playing so good.
That could be the mattress.
It's a Tempur-Pedic.
I could… I could order you one.
Wait. do you not want me to stay
at your house?
Is this because I'm… I'm not educated?
I'm sorry I didn't go to.
you know. San Jose State.
I went to Stanford. Big difference.
Oh. so I'm too dumb
to know what Stanford State is?
Stop adding "state" to everything.
Look. you are young and famous.
You could be with anyone you want.
I can't believe
you're breaking up with me right now.
Last time I got dumped.
we lost eight in a row. man.
I'm not breaking up with you. I'm not.
I'm not. Moving in is… It's a great idea.
I was just making sure that you weren't
feeling trapped or miserable
or miss playing Sudoku
on your couch at home alone.
Not at all.
So we're good?
-Yes. Yes.
-It's our anniversary now.
Let's celebrate tonight
with Tom Cruise coconut cake.
-That bakery's in Woodland Hills.
-So you know where to go.
Oh!
This is gonna be great.
♪ There ain't nothing like hip-hop music♪
♪ You like it 'cause you choose it ♪
-That restaurant was amazing.
-Oh yeah. it's good.
Sorry I spat up that oyster.
-No. it's okay.
-I didn't know it was gonna be so wet.
Listen.
Jackie. I got a favor I need to ask you.
Anything. brother.
I need you to give me your urine.
My pee?
Look. I know it's weird. but it's like.
I've got this probation thing
that I'm about to get off of.
and now I have to do
this. like. court-ordered urine sample.
-It's so annoying. but…
-Why don't you just use yours?
Oh my God. I would love to.
but. you know. I get sore throats.
then I have to take allergy medication.
then the allergy medication shows up
as a narcotic in my urine.
I'm like. "Oh God. big pharma."
It's like. "Get me out of here."
You know what I mean?
But I really trust you.
No one else can know about this.
Understand?
Okay.
I will give you my pee.
Thank you so much. man.
I appreciate this. You have no idea.
Anytime.
I gotta go. but you have a good night.
-All right. Have a good night too.
-Thank you again.
Oh. and hey.
stay hydrated.
All water.
[laughs] Great.
[car door closes]
[dramatic music playing]
-Oh shit. Shit.
-[dramatic music fades]
Oh. Oh!
No.
Oh. goddammit.
[oven door closes]
Oh. [coughs]
Alexa.
how do you unburn a steak?
[Alexa] Hmm.
I don't have an answer for that.
[gentle music playing]
[Isla] Hey. Cam. I hate when people
think of me as the person I used to be.
And I may have been doing that to you.
But maybe we've both changed.
Thank you for helping the team.
-[phone dings]
-Oh.
[gentle music fades]
[Cam] No problem.
I'm proud of who you've become.
And look at the team we've built.
["The Feeling" by The Math Club playing]
"We"?
♪ I got this feeling ♪
♪ Baby. come and turn me on ♪
♪ Oh. baby. come and turn me on ♪
-♪ Oh. baby ♪
-♪ I… I… I… ♪
♪ I… I… I… ♪
-♪ Feeling ♪
-♪ I… I… I… ♪
♪ Oh. baby. come and turn me on ♪
-♪ Oh. baby ♪
-♪ I… ♪
[music fades]